>> Kyle Simpson: Let's talk about how
to write the insertSomething function.
To save myself a little bit of work, I'm
gonna do some copying and pasting here.
So I'm gonna pull in this part and
then we'll just adopt it.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
I'm gonna say var result = and
we're gonna be doing a run
because we're doing an INSERT.
We don't need to do the lookup here,
we always unconditionally
insert the something value.
We're gonna be inserting into Something.
And the two fields that
we're gonna be inserting,
if we look at our schema,
they're gonna be called otherID and data.
So let's say,
>> Kyle Simpson: otherID and data.
And then we're gonna have two values
that we're inserting into Something.
And then we need to supply otherID and
data.
if (result),
and the object that comes back might still
indicate that Something didn't work.
So to make sure that there really was
legitimately something that was changed
about the database, like there was
a record added to the database.
There's a property in here
called result.changes.
If that is greater than 0,
because that would indicate how many
rows where changed on the database.
In this case, how many rows Inserted, as
long as that's greater than zero than 0,
know that we definitely were
successful in inserting the record, so
then we can simply return true.
And if we don't get there, then we'll
just return false just for good measure.
>> Kyle Simpson: Just to test ourselves
and make sure we haven't gone awry here,
let's try console.log("Success!").
Let's try to run this at the command
line and see if it works.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
we're gonna say node ex4.js.
And if we run it without anything,
it's gonna tell us out and
you got to specify another.
So if we say -- other =, And
then we give it some name like hello.
Yep, something's wrong.
So where was data?
>> Kyle Simpson: That
says it's on line 113.
>> Kyle Simpson: Of course,
cuz it's called something.
>> Kyle Simpson: There we go.
Try to run it again, we got a success
let's do it a couple of times, all right.
So we know that things
are working there but
let's see the contents of our database.
So let's make one final
addition to this exercise.
That if we have successfully inserted,
let's get all the records
out of the database.
So we're gonna say records
= await getAllRecords.
And then, if we've received those records,
if (records && records.length > 0), it
means there are records in the database.
Then we wanna go ahead and
print out that array, so
that's when we're gonna use console.table,
which prints out a nice prettyfide
version of our two dimensional array.
So we need to implement
the getAllRecords function.
>> Kyle Simpson: We're going
to do join select here.
So I'm going to say result = SQL3, and
this time we're going to call .all because
we can get multiple records back instead
of just one .all is going to give
us back an array of records.
>> Kyle Simpson: I need an await there.